[Autogenerated] in this ____.
Ooh, We're going to start by making a change in our provider,
which will cause our consumer to start failing.
This change will involve introducing dynamic data.
Well,
then make our contract support dynamic data by using
rejects and in doing so will be able to make the consumer
side test that we broke pass again.
In this case, we're going to do things.
Provide a first.
This is because of requirement has come in to include a
date in calculating the credit score,
meaning we need to add it to our contract to ensure the consumer is sending it.
Starting with far provided project,
we will open our should grants a credit score of high to a citizen contract.
We'll start by removing the triple equal string,
changing our body to the groove you mount notation.
This will allow us to invoke methods for each part of the body.
For now,
dough will just provide a static date field switching back to the terminal.
We can run maven clean installs skip tests to generate new
stops locally as a build was successful.
There's nothing else to do here.
Switch him back so I consume a project flattery runner should cram application.
When credit scores high test and see what happens,
we can see that there's a failure,
which in this case is a good thing scrolling up.
We can see that it's because of a Y mark error where it
could not match are requested to stop.
This is because it expects a date in the body and we are not sending one.
We should know here that we've proved how useful
consumers of in contract testing is,
as by making a breaking changed Our provider were causing our
consumers bill to fell with FAO any end to end testing.
Now let's modify our code to make it date be sent with every request.
We could heart code today in our contract here,
but that wouldn't really make any sense as really,
what we want is to send today's date.
Let's do this one.
Run our tests again.
As expected, we still have a test value and scrolling note.
We can see it's because the dates don't match.
Even if we did get him too much on a subsequent build,
the date would change and the test would start failing.
This is why we need rejects in our contract, allowing for any dates.
Let's switch back to our provider project.
This time we can replace the value of the day within any date.
Methods behind the scenes is using rejects,
but again,
we can just use the method directly without worrying
about the implementation details.
Switching again back to the terminal.
We can run maven, clean installs, get tests,
regenerating our contract on success.
We can switch back to our consumer Andhra now failing test again.
This time it passes scrolling up.
We can see that the reason it past is because wire mark no
longer cares about the value of the date.
Only cares about a matching date patter.
Now we aren't quite done as we have more than one contract that uses RM point.
Let's switch to our provider.
Projects on Open should grant a credit score of Low to Citizen a modified out.
So it's also expects a day switching back to the terminal.
We can build our Stubbs again and then back in our can you shima project.
We can run our credit card application denial test scrolling up.
We can see that our request was much despite sending around the day,
we can now run a full maven install and wait for the results.
Great. Our tests are now successful